
== §I.1-4 — AI Plan scope registry: options, request counts, honest failure ==
ok   1. the AI modal registry resolves READY
ok   1. and yields real Country options (not an empty select)
ok   1. and real Marketplace options for a country
ok   1. exactly ONE request to populate them
ok   2. re-opening the modal after the registry is loaded issues ZERO further requests
ok   2. the registry itself reports one request for the session
ok   3. changing Country costs ZERO requests — it reads the already-loaded index
ok   2b. four concurrent consumers share ONE in-flight request (single-flight)
ok   4. a registry read failure resolves ERROR
ok   4. and preserves the real error code
ok   4. it is NOT reported as EMPTY — a failure never masquerades as "nothing configured"
ok   4b. a genuinely empty registry is EMPTY — a real configuration answer, not an error

== §B2 — one canonical authority; the second source is gone ==
ok   B2a the scope modal no longer seeds from the broad _opDbCache getter
ok   B2b and no longer issues its own whole-table marketplaces read
ok   B2c it reads the ONE shared registry instead
ok   B2d the Site Inventory page reads that SAME registry, so there is one cache and one authority
ok   B2e the modal renders READY / LOADING / EMPTY as DISTINCT branches, with ERROR as the remaining one
ok   B2e2 EMPTY says "nothing is configured" — a configuration answer
ok   B2e3 ERROR says the read failed AND shows its code — the two can never be confused
ok   B2f an ERROR offers a Retry control
ok   B2g the shared registry is loaded by index.html
ok   B2h and BEFORE its consumers

== §I.5-8 — Method registry: ready, empty configuration, transport error, no N+1 ==
ok   5. a scope with matching rate cards resolves READY
ok   5. and yields the canonical method tokens
ok   5. values are canonical ids, labels are display metadata
ok   5. an INACTIVE rate card is excluded
ok   5b. a concrete destination keeps its own card plus the wildcard-destination cards
ok   6. a route no rate card covers resolves EMPTY_CONFIGURATION
ok   6. carrying METHOD_REGISTRY_CONFIGURATION_REQUIRED
ok   6. naming the table
ok   6. and the exact row that would fix it
ok   6. with an actionable next step
ok   6. "no eligible method" is NEVER reported as a transport failure
ok   8. twenty-five Method pickers in one scope issue ZERO further reads
ok   8b. concurrent ensureLoaded calls for one scope dedupe to ONE request
ok   7. a transport/deployment failure resolves ERROR
ok   7. and PRESERVES the real code (it used to be discarded)
ok   7. a failure is never reported as a missing rate card
ok   5c. a catalogue loaded for another station answers STALE_SCOPE, never a confidently wrong list

== §C — the five states reach the operator ==
ok   C1 registry state exists: LOADING
ok   C1 registry state exists: READY
ok   C1 registry state exists: EMPTY_CONFIGURATION
ok   C1 registry state exists: ERROR
ok   C1 registry state exists: STALE_SCOPE
ok   C2 EMPTY_CONFIGURATION has its own sentence
ok   C3 ERROR shows its CODE, not a generic sentence
ok   C4 STALE_SCOPE has its own sentence
ok   C5 the old catch-all "Unable to load methods" is GONE
ok   C6 the state is exposed on the control itself
ok   C7 a real retry entry point exists
ok   C8 the canonical destination warehouse CODE is available to the scoping
ok   C9 the catalogue is PRELOADED after a successful Search
ok   C10 and is NOT awaited — it cannot block the first paint of rows

== §I.9-19 — AI draft lifecycle ==
ok   9. a successful current run expires exactly the older AI drafts
ok   12. a MANUAL route is never expired
ok   13. a submitted row is never expired
ok   13b. a cancelled row is never expired
ok   13c. a site_confirmed row is never expired
ok   13d. an already-expired row is not re-expired
ok   14. another country is untouched
ok   14b. another marketplace is untouched
ok   16. the current run never expires its OWN rows
ok   16b. nor any row already stamped with the current run id
ok   19. a user-edited old AI draft IS expired (the recorded business decision)
ok   19b. with the canonical expiration reason
ok   19c. and its source run id retained
ok   19d. the user-edit fact is recorded, not lost
ok   11. a zero-result successful run expires every older AI draft in scope
ok   11b. NO_DEMAND is classified as a zero-result run
ok   11c. a zero-result run is a SUCCESS, and so is an all-suppressed run
ok   11c. all-suppressed is its own classified job status, not a silent NO_DEMAND
ok   11c. and a partial or failed run is still NEITHER — whole-job success needs every written group to commit
ok   11d. reported as zero_result in the projection
ok   10. expiration runs ONLY inside the success branch
ok   10b. a non-successful run records that it expired nothing
ok   10c. the current run is COMMITTED before anything is expired (never expire-then-compute)
ok   15. the caller may pin the execution key
ok   15b. the run id is DERIVED from it, so a retry is the SAME run and cannot create a second current run
ok   17. `expired` is a real status in the canonical enum
ok   17b. and is TERMINAL — no writer may mutate it
ok   17c. active-header scans skip it, so it can never hydrate as active
ok   17d. the workspace readback drops expired lines
ok   18. Submit refuses an expired draft with its OWN typed reason
ok   18b. and an expired LINE is not shippable
ok   18c. expired is excluded from the active line set
ok   D1 the lifecycle never writes `cancelled` to mean expired
ok   D2 and never writes the reason into a free-text note
ok   D3 it writes the formal reason column
ok   D4 the four audit columns are the recorded minimal schema extension
ok   D5 without the audit columns the lifecycle FAILS CLOSED
ok   D6 with a typed, actionable code
ok   D7 naming exactly which columns are missing
ok   D8 with them present the manifest is producible
ok   D9 and carries a deterministic checksum
ok   D10 the checksum does not depend on row order
ok   D11 nothing may be expired without an immutable run id

== §F / §I.20-21 — active uniqueness and multi-route ==
ok   F1 two active AI drafts on ONE canonical identity is a conflict
ok   F2 named as a duplicate active AI identity
ok   20. one SKU with TWO different routes is NOT a conflict — it is two canonical headers
ok   F3 identity uses the EXISTING canonical K2 key — no second hash is defined
ok   F4 the only hash in the module is the manifest checksum, which is not an identity
ok   21. the pre-insert primary-key assertion still stands
ok   21b. the batch pre-flight still stands
ok   21c. canonical line resolution still stands
ok   20b. the FB-4B-Addendum multi-route grouping is unchanged
ok   21d. scoped persisted-id adoption is unchanged

== §E — staged commit executed with injected IO (zero SpreadsheetApp) ==
ok   E1 the staged expiration completes and self-verifies
ok   E2 exactly the two older AI headers were expired
ok   E3 and their lines
ok   E4 the old header is now `expired`
ok   E5 with the canonical reason
ok   E6 and the superseding run id
ok   E7 the MANUAL header is untouched
ok   E8 the current run stays active
ok   E9 the submitted row is untouched
ok   E10 the user quantity on an expired line is PRESERVED
ok   E11 and its note
ok   E12 a submitted LINE keeps its own status
ok   E13 a manual line is untouched
ok   E14 verification proves no old AI draft is still active
ok   E15 and that no duplicate ACTIVE AI identity remains
ok   E15b and no AI/manual identity collision in this scope
ok   E16 ONLY lifecycle columns were written — no quantity, flag or snapshot was touched
ok   E17 re-running the expiration expires NOTHING further (idempotent)
ok   E18 and writes nothing at all

== §H — read-only diagnostic ==
ok   H1 the diagnostic exists
ok   H2 the diagnostic performs NO setValue call
ok   H2 the diagnostic performs NO appendRow call
ok   H2 the diagnostic performs NO deleteRow call
ok   H2 the diagnostic performs NO setProperty call
ok   H2 the diagnostic performs NO DriveApp call
ok   H2 the diagnostic performs NO MailApp call
ok   H2 the diagnostic performs NO GmailApp call
ok   H3 footer declares DB_WRITES: 0
ok   H3 footer declares STATUS_TRANSITIONS: 0
ok   H3 footer declares PROPERTY_WRITES: 0
ok   H3 footer declares DRIVE_WRITES: 0
ok   H3 footer declares EMAILS: 0
ok   H3 footer declares DEMO_MUTATIONS: 0
ok   H4 diagnostic reports: registry
ok   H4 diagnostic reports: method_registry
ok   H4 diagnostic reports: ai_runs
ok   H4 diagnostic reports: expiration_preview
ok   H4 diagnostic reports: blocking_reason
ok   H4 diagnostic reports: next_action
ok   H4 diagnostic reports: duplicate_active_identities
ok   H4 diagnostic reports: current_generation_authority
ok   H4 diagnostic reports: schema
ok   H5 it previews the rows a run WOULD expire
ok   H6 and the manual rows it would preserve

== §G — API projection and UI behaviour ==
ok   G1 the run projection returns: generation_run_id
ok   G1 the run projection returns: execution_key
ok   G1 the run projection returns: created_headers
ok   G1 the run projection returns: updated_headers
ok   G1 the run projection returns: created_lines
ok   G1 the run projection returns: updated_lines
ok   G1 the run projection returns: expired_headers
ok   G1 the run projection returns: expired_lines
ok   G1 the run projection returns: active_count
ok   G1 the run projection returns: expired_count
ok   G1 the run projection returns: zero_result
ok   G2 the page consumes the projection
ok   G3 an AI Plan FAILURE explicitly does not clear the Execution Plan
ok   G4 the result states what was REPLACED, not only what was created

== §A — nothing from FB-4B / the Addendum regressed; canonical spec recorded ==
ok   A1 the lifecycle rule is recorded in a canonical planning document
ok   A2 including that rows are kept, never deleted
ok   A3 the FB-4B cleanup tool is still DRY_RUN by default
ok   A4 this task did NOT modify the cleanup tool
ok   A5 no cleanup runs inside a production request path
ok   A6 the allocation handler still deletes no row
ok   A7 the lifecycle module deletes no row

171 passed, 0 failed
